The universal forum is inspired primarily by Google Wave.

Forums and comment systems exist all over the Web. Some use standard
packages, such as phpBB, while others are specifically written for
sites, all with varying complexity. There are certain advantages to
this fragmentation. An individual can choose how ananymous they wish
to be. Most forums allow a username to be chosen, allowing unique ones
to identify a commentor on a given site without linking them to other
parts of the Web.

However, there are also a number of drawbacks to the current model of
Web comment systems. First, the effort of writing one is often
duplicated, as Web designers write specific comment systems tailored
to their sites. In addition, there is no method for an individual
commentor to consolidate their inputs scattered across the Web.

This project attempts to find a way to provide a universal fourm
system that can be used on many Web sites, while retaining as mamy of
the positive features of the widely-varying forums currently in use.

In order for this project to meet its requirements, it should address
the following:

	* Users must be able to control their level of anonymity.
	* The appearance must be fully customizeable, to allow
	  seamless integration into existing sites.
	* There should be little barrier to entry for a user seeking
	  to post a thought.
	* The system should be able to integrate with existing
	  communication channels, starting with email.
	* The system should define an API to allow programs to control
	  setting up new threads.
	* The system should be able to be distributed.

Some less-structured thoughts on the design follow.

* Cryptographic signing seems like the best way to support anonymous
  posting. If a user can define as many new ones as they wish, it
  becomes easy to indicate when multiple posts are by "the same
  person," but without any other details being revealed.
* Ideally, there should be a Google-Wave-like "Inbox," which contains
  all current threads for a user.
* It is possible that the best place to focus would be
  individually-created comment threads, like those on blog posts and
  news articles, and let full forums follow later, if at all.
* The system would likely be set up with one server initially, with
  support for others to be brought online. Security will have to be
  handled very carefully.
* Facebook has attempted this, to little success.
  * The Facebook comment areas often seem disconnected from the rest
    of the page.
  * Some people do not seem to like having the comment associated with
    their Facebook account.
  * For low barrier-to-entry, make as many accounts useable as logins
    as possible, so people have the option to use Facebook if they
    want to.
* Security will be complicated. This system is for publically-viewable
  threads, but should support ways to prove a user's identity as far
  as they wish. It must handle disconnected screennames, as well as
  verifying when a user wants to show their Facebook, Google+, and
  other pages. If not careful, it could allow someone to claim they
  are someone they are not.
